Present: Ali, Abouzied, Stephen, George, Tobias, Peter, Ben.

Stephen, George, Ben chatting about PAX work packages - how relates to
cross cutting code project.  Code coupling part doesn't happen until
end of year 2, meant to be stfc, manc, durham, 9 months. Howver stfc
don't get any money.  Unclear what manc, durham going to be doing in
this part of the project.  Also seems to be out of place in terms of
overall project development.  and doesn't work well in terms of the
code coupling project.  But ccp don't have any funds for coupling
sph.  Not explicit that these funds exist.

Would like to bring forward in the project, a spare 3 months.  9
months allocated to it in pax hpc.  In gantt chart, task 3.8, only 6
months fitted in, so a 3 month spare.

Make it useful for pax hpc and ccp.

Possibly move this forward by a year.  There is a practical bit of
work that can be done straight away.

A real usacase for having a hetrogeneous project.

A coupled framework that weve already developed combined with
dualsphysics.

In pax hpc, 9 months, split 3 months stfc dur manc.

At the moment have a working coupling between Pheonix FEA and
openFoam.  Done this using one of the couplig libraries mentioned in
the ccp.  And coupled sphflow to another commercial fea solver.  A way
of usefully coupling.  A software dev problem.

How do we make this interact well given dualsphysics is a single gpu
code.

Writing a donor library, then interfacing it.

Revisit this decision every 2 weeks, wait for Richard to return, or
make a decision.  Could be done late 2022, or early 2023.



Updates
Abouzied

Mostly working on fellowship proposal.

Peter

Still working on business of working out what the tasks are getting up
to and why not running at certain times.

Nice plots.


Ben, Richard and Matthieu - paper attached to this project giving
general info - finally published online in ieee journal.  Really
giving some publicity to the project.  Should we also announce this
project to an abstract in the spheric workshops.  Next one in June.
Abstracts due 11th Feb.

Ben to lead on doing this.

