Present: Alastair Basden, David Acreman, Ben Rogers, Tom De Vuyst,
Stephen Longshaw, Edo Altamura, Marion Weinrielrl, Peter Draper,
Matthieu Schaller

  - General updates
Situation with the contract - Richard spoke about an official
extension.
AGB: Chase Katie/Matthieu - email Richard to chase this - needs
signing by Leiden.

Tobias: Extension request pending.

  - New hardware call (Alastair)
What would we look for?
Extension of Gen-Z
Power-10 Inception
Possibly FPGA. 

  - Performance analysis (Tobias)
Gap in RSE training.  What we would like to have here.  Happy to host
series of performance analysis workshops in Durham.  A new thing/skill
gap/knowledge gap is how raw performance data is mapped onto
algorithms.  So, aim to do some performance analysis workshops, and
organise a workshop about how to map onto algorithms, and how this
should inform development of codes.

  - Hydro weak-scaling (Edo)
Swift openMPI tests on cosma6.
To try on cosma7 and cosma8.
Will try testing a 3d model on the AMD chips.
Will try using vtune.

  - RDMA updates (Peter)
Some dev from Intel fixing the mpi implementation, using ucx as a
backend.  Have been playing around with this to see whether it works -
it does up to a certain level, and there are tuning parameters related
to the fabric which can help.  Seems to be a bit faster than the
previous libfabric-based version.  Seems to be an adjunct rather than
a replacement of libfabric.  Can now start recommending 2020-update2.
Probably some parameters to stick into the module file, esp for
cosma6.
Problems of jitter in the MPI backend still remain.

RDMA tests - allowing too much work to be done by CPUs, so perhaps not a fair
test, now working on only using 2 cores.  Seems to be about as fast as
MPI, slower than the full 16 thread version.  This points to
contention within the library.

To investigate - lock-free version of the library.

Contention becomes more a problem with more cores.

  - Individual workpackage update [all]
No progress here.

  - Others/AOB?
Stephen - multiphysics/coupling codes - links between different
excalibur projects.
Dave - Isambard - hardware update starting today, doubling arm nodes
and installing fujitsu afx64 nodes.

No meeting in 2 weeks - email updates only.  Full meeting in 4 weeks.

