Present: Ali, George, Tobias, Ben, Abouzied, Stephen, Tom, Peter.

Interview for phase 1B last week - went reasonably well.

Stephen+Ben joined one of the many adhoc panic meetings.  Scott
Woodley, Phil Hasnip, sat panicking because Richard wasn't there.

Phil had some good questions, but didn't know about the communities.
Stephen gave info.  Scott was looking for impactful way of use of
SPH.  Astro, struggling with story of galaxy formation.  Concentrate
on planetary collision type stuff.

Focused in on tsunami modelling.  Shear size of it.

Sounds like real thing went okay.

Updates:
Abouzied - Bundle tasks into 1 big task.  Hopefully speed up gpu side
of executing.  Array of structs containing array of structs.  Trying
to keep it similar to the c code.

Max speedup is x4 for 384 core GPU.

Change things around by bundling to speed up: A double pointer array,
giving data for task 1, task 2, etc.  This works.

Copies a bundle of particle data (e.g part1,(1 to n) to part10,(1 to
n).

This should fill up GPU, lower memcpy latency, GPU closer to being
fully occupied.

If results copied to global GPU memory, new approach much slower.

But if not copied to GPU global memory, now ~50x speedup.

New approach faster for kernel execution and memcopy from host.

But copying from register to global memory is slower.  GPU is doing
more pointer chasing.

Now need to work things around, to write to more contiguous data.  

Particle sorting might be needed to reduce access time.



Better GPU - 
AMD GPU port.


Peter: revisiting SWIFT with RDMA.  Have been running some larger sims
with new physics, and slow downs seen in task graphs.  So working
through RDMA code, and importing the new stuff.

Not sure what is going on with MPI.  Not working yet.

This is the Flamingoes stuff.  MPI performance is so poor they are
considering not running it at times.

Loads of new physics exchanging even more particles than before over
MPI.  Until know what's happening, can't progress much further.

Stephen: CIUK conference - Simon Mcintosh Smith keynote.  In person
event.  Key people from excalibur from epsrc are going to be there.
Excalibur panel session.

Alastair and Tobias going.

