
  - Actions
Action: email around working group meetings that are known about.
Action: AGB Chase progress network company NDAs
        David - Done
        Benedict - awaiting on company
        Tom - still waiting - Hertfordshire side.
	Richard - agenda and timings for EPSRC visit.
Action: All - think up panel questions for the speakers.

  - General updates
Phase 1B - application in May.  
- EPSRC virtual visit (Richard)
Need to make a good impression in this meeting - need to be asking about phase 1B.  Phase 1A funding used for set of PoC programmes - and phase 1B is to put this together.  This would be for 3 years, with significant uplift in funding.  Get point across about difference between mesh and meshless.  
1hr50 meeting - try to fit this in 1 hour, and then ask questions.  

- COSMOS visulisation project (Richard)
Dave Acreman has a student that could be used for this - discussion
with Paul Shellard later this week.
Insitu visualisation - supervising 3rd year UG student who may do
interesting project on this next year.  Currently looking at RTX ray
tracing with Vulcan.  So, can offer a student who is potentially
interested in this.
Paraview may already do this.  Not great at SPH. Multiple plugings for
ray tracing - including Osprey which Intel are pushing.  


- Cross cutting proposal (Tobias)
Submitted on Friday.  But was over budget. So reduced this and
resubmitted.  

  - Contracts (Richard)
Waiting for Leiden to review document and get back, then all done.

  - Hydro weak-scaling (Edo)
Redid some points on plot, but no change, so must be down to the
code.  Need to see if some timesteps are outliers.  If not, may look
more into metis.
Not particularly due to load imbalance.

  - RDMA updates (Peter)
Working on the problem to try to work out what was wrong, and now
probably have the correct solution.
MPI tag inflation issue.  

  - GPU update (Abouzied)
Was threading over cells rather than particles, now doing it over
particles.  Threading over cells is worse.  Looking at only allocating
enough for particular job.  Async memory alloc/free - allows memory
limitation to be expanded.  

  - Individual workpackage update [all]
  - Training (Tobias?)
  - Outreach (?)
  - Others/AOB?
